Hey everyone, welcome to the lightning robotics code readme! You have reached into the deepest reaches of our dark and mysterious programming nightmares! First off, we would like to thank our sponsors, as well as my duds teh Chezy Po~fs, and all of the other teams we got help from. Mainly the Cheesy Poofs though. Moving on, today, the thirteenth of February in the year of two-thousand and seventeen, marks the day this readme was created. My name is Luke Fenstermacher, and today I am going to guide you through daily life in Lightning Robotics. While I type this beautiful work of art, Collin is shaming me for producing this fine literature you are reading right now. Allison, our president, is writing something on the board or something. Something about adjectives that are extremely sensitive, and apparently I can't put them in the readme since they're "extremely graphic" and "not acceptable for other people to hear about" I guess. I don't really know. Must have been the voices. I thought I got rid of them last year after the incident, but I guess not. I'll deal with that later ;). Now we're all going to hear a story about a time our team will never forget, 2/27. It's like 9/11, but arguably worse. Show me the monaayyyyy. 2/27/16 marks the falling of the Stronghold tower. In a tragic accident, the Lightning Family Stronghold tower was struck by Daddy, and it fell.| -> / -> _. Everything died. Fabrication had to do a quick do on the thing so everything was fine I guess. Daddy took a hit that day, but Daddy always bounce back <3. Earth without art is just eh. I wish we could put pictures in this readme because I don't know what's going on, but it's pretty wacky. If you didn't already realize, me not knowing what's going on is a re-occurring theme in this story and also the team and life in general too. Joe just walked by so had to go low key for a second ;). Nik keeps hiccupping and he's probably going to die soon. They're increasing speed and he keeps saying 'ow" afterwards GUAc and thing go bad no/ I think he stopped now. Okay I think it's fin Wait NO He KeepPS GOinG AHHHHH HeaHEhRHT Ex PLOOdDE AGHHHHnaefn qeGJEFRkghSkhsdg HhHHhhhhhhhh. Allison just had something in her mouth and now it's gone and everyone's laughing wait no not anymore. I think Nik finally stopped hiccupping.A MAKDF KAFA BUT WaIt THERLS: MOORere HHHHHHHHH. NIK"S DYING AGHHHHHHAAAA. Haters finna correct my grammar but that's not how we do :}}} Okay I know there were like twenty false alarms but Nik is probably done now. I think. No promises though my refrigerator needs more of the good stuff. I always try to go get a good meal but then all we have is the light, non-filling stuff and I need to eat like 12,5,923845,244,3.801 pickles to actually be full. A few days ago I was bored and home alone so I just decided to cook two steaks and I was still kind of hungry. It was awful. The steak tasted really good though. I would definitely make more steak sometime, but I think we don't have any left. It's not like the real steak, but the like frozen things that you get from that store but I don't want to get in trouble so I'm not going to say the name of the store. Anyway, I was at the store the other day, and I totally forgot that we need more of the little frozen steak things, but we got granola bars. That was pretty exciting. At first, I couldn't find the granola bars, so I told my dad then he went and found them in literally like less than a minute. I'm really bad at finding things. There have been numerous times when I went to go find socks and I just COuld Not FInD sOCKS. I asked my dad, and he was all like, "Luke I swear, if I go in there and find socks in like two seconds, I'm just going to laugh so hard" or something like that. I don't remember the exact conversation, but it was something along those lines. So anyway, my dad went into my room, and I wasn't worried at all since I was pretty confident that my socks were definitely not in the room, then my dad went in. and. hE. WeNT and FOUNd THe SOcKS iN Li KE TwO SeCONdS Oh mY GooDNEsS. I'm just S OBAd at finN DinG things. 
